---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

## Web version
- Visit https://app.sf-explorer.com
- Click on 'Add an org'

## Web extensions


| Name | Description |
| -- | -- |
| [SF Explorer](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/salesforce-industry-explo/eabpolgjfkpchgffbkiedgfemcgbnbde) | The original version, with all the features |
| [SF Explorer Lite](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/sf-explorer-lite/pokljfiajomppdbinhpbeahihjnblcfj) | A subset of **SF Explorer**: without ChatGPT and Show LWC. This version requires less permissions when you install it |
| [Data Cloud Explorer](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/datacloud-explorer/ibbopdomcgbelmcjpngkhpaphlbmgcmd) | A subset of SF Explorer: without ChatGPT and Show LWC. This version requires less permissions when you install it |


## Term of use

**SF Explorer** is not a Salesforce official product. It can be used free of charge at **your own risk**. We recommand you to use it in sandbox environment with no production data. **SF Explorer** does not keep any of your data. 

> THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The application use google analytics to capture user behavior (which feature is used) to enhance the overall experience. No personal information is being collected. By using the software, and agreeing with this note, you agree with this data collection.